what's going on everybody it scored man
and today on destiny we're going to be
talking about new Bungie update so we're
going to be covering the flow of PvP
ammunition crates and some other
features that are coming in the next
update so let's get started with PPP
ammunition the crucible team wants to
change the way mo craigs to dictate the
flow of a battle with in Destiny's PvP
players have naturally adopted the
secondary weapons as primary weapons so
they want them to go into a match and
actually have to think about when
they're going to use their secondary
ammo like they won't always have it
because naturally you pretty much always
do have it while you're playing because
the ammos everywhere and the crate spawn
all the time so they're going to limit
the amount that is special and heavy
ammo crates spawn so you got to kind of
think more about the ammo that you're
using so specifically what they're going
to be doing to these special ammo crates
it's they're going to make them spawn
less frequently they're going to take a
longer to pick up and there's going to
be less located around the map and when
you do pick them up they will also hold
less ammo than before while they're
changing how crucible flows hopefully
that it will only change for the better
and they will not actually kill certain
people's play styles because there's
going to be so much less special ammo
but who knows we'll see how it goes
maybe it'll add a little more skill to
it and allow you to use a little more
strategy while playing I believe this
will allow the higher skilled players to
be able to stand out from the rest even
more now but I guess we'll have to wait
and see until the patch comes out
another thing that they'll be addressing
is when you spawn and you cannot get to
that ammo in time before someone picks
it up and you get in I'd that ammo
they're going to increase the drop
radius for a crate so when you are near
a crate it will spawn ammo for you as
well so that radius will be a lot higher
this time around and that'll be
especially useful for you for when
there's hardly any ammo dropping and
it'll prevent you from missing out on
the ammo that does actually draw the
next thing that they're going to be
changing is how heavy ammo spawns and
these phones sometimes players will
stand around the box and spawn the heavy
ammo but not pick it up until later in
the match when they need it as a
strategic move I guess but they want
people to actually pick up the heavy
ammo when it does spawn rather than
later so what they're going to do is
make it the spawn you know rather quick
so you
we actually have to pick it up when it
does come inbound and use it while you
can another thing that they said they're
going to do is extend the inbound timer
by five seconds so allow more players to
get to the ammo we're also adding new
visual prompts like timers and pre-spawn
effects to forecast the arrival of all
the ammo crates and that is right i did
say all the ammo crates so hopefully
that means one special ammo crate spawn
as well will be able to tell when they
do so we could get that special ammo
since it'll be harder to get now I'm not
sure exactly how this updates gonna turn
out but all these changes are in
response to people on forums videos you
know other media and content over the
web so you know this is what the players
want this is not what they want and
they're just you know acknowledging that
and making those changes based off what
they want I guess we'll have to wait and
see how this actually ends up turning
out but talking about what the Guardians
want they are actually adding two new
features that have been highly requested
the first one is item in gear locking
yes that is right you're going to
actually be able to lock your precious
exotic gear it's all disabled you from
being able to dismantle it without it
being unlocked so yes this is happening
to me before I don't know if I was not
paying attention or what was going on
but I've actually dismantled a couple
exotic guns that were already fully
leveled up thinking they were other
duplicates or something else and i'm so
glad they're adding this to prevent me
from making that decision again because
i felt so stupid and now we'll be able
to do that on accident again and last
but not least they're adding the option
to wear your helmet in the tower or
other social spaces like lay the reef
coming up so as you can see in this
picture it does say remove in social
spaces and we're in social spaces and
when they say social spaces they're
talking about a plural form meaning they
are referring to the reef of social
space that is coming in the house of
wolves dlc as well as the tower and yes
you're going to be able to wear that
exotic helmet anywhere you want now
which is pretty cool because i feel like
most people get you know right gear for
everything but the helmet and they get
the helmet last so like eighty percent
of the people will most likely have an
exotic helmet over an exotic arm piece
chest piece or leg now you'll be able to
stand out from the rest guardians and
show
off your new badass helmet at the tower
or other social spaces and while
crucible is still on our mind I'm
actually going to be talking about the
trials of Osiris very soon because that
is actually going to be coming out soon
and bungee has been hinting at that as
well as the reef social space stay tuned
for that but this is pretty much it for
this video Guardians I'm cord man and i
will see you guys next time